1. frontendend is created and passed a  and run using  (npm run dev)
2. backend is creted and run using (npm run server)
3. admin folder created n passed a (npm create vite@latest) command n run using (npm run dev)

In this we have created assets folder in which there is assets.js file where we have imported frontend n backend  all the img at one place and made obj directly 



So On 18-12-25 i have created a Header Section 
1. in which i have used image as bg : url('/header_img') to set img a backgroud = (header.css)
2. font-size: max(4.5vw ,22px); used to make text responsive {vw → makes text responsive } {px → sets a minimum readable size} = (.header-contents h2)
3. we have applied fadein animation when when reload a page - first we have created keyframe in (index.css) and then add in (header-contents) as animations  


* Explore-Menu components
1. here we have imported menu-list from assets
2.applied map to access the list
3.used scrollbar property ( overflow-x: scroll; ) 
    .explore-menu-list::-webkit-scrollbar{
        display: none;
    }
to hide scroll bar = (.explore-menu-list)

4.used <hr/> in exploremenu.jsx and added css to add line below the menu list


*explore menu select css and usestate
1. create use state name as category in home.jsx n pass as prop in explore menu
3. destructured in explore menu
2. applied onclick event in explore menu n used setcategory n category  to slect a menu item,


To maintain a smooth scroll we have applied scroll:behavior smooth in (index.css)



#BACKEND
1. app.use(express.json) - whenevr we will get the req frontend to backend it will be parse     using this json
2. app.use(cors())- we can use backend from any frontend
3. app,get()- get method is http method so that or (using this) we can req the data from server




#Admin panel
1. first we will go to browser to have custom font n search outfit font then
2. get font - embededcode - import n then copy url - paste in (index.css)
3. npm install axios react-toastify react-router-dom

IMP - when we create admin panel in that there is add component where we will be add food item n in whch there is an upload img option where we have used usestate 
using which we have asked in img tage that is img is available by writting(URL.createObjectURL(image)) and the onle we will be able to see image on admin pannel